[LOGO AUDIO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> The basis of everything is
the law of mirrors or the law
of attraction.
You are and you see what
your frequency dictates,
and you are your frequency.
You don't have a frequency.
You are it.
When you die, all that
remains is only your frequency
without the part of the
solid physical manifestation
we call the body.
So when you die,
you see what you
wish to see because
in higher planes,
everything manifests faster,
progressively faster.
But in after life or in
the high astral world,
where it is said that
souls go to rest,
everything manifests immediately
because it is the source.
You are one with the source.
You are the source.
You are at the source.
But the concept of
going to the source
is like displacement movement,
like going from one place
to another.
The source is everywhere.
Everything is the source.
And, as has been said
before, each person,
each consciousness, or soul
only sees what it perceives.
What is in its
consciousness is perception,
which is dictated by its unique
frequency, which in turn is
the result of what you have
seen, where you have had
your attention, your experiences
and your interactions
with other people that have only
been a reflection of you again.
So each soul is the
source by right.
When a person dies, they
will see and experience
exactly what they expect to see.
They will find just that.
As it is already said and
already known in other places,
if someone believes in
Jesus, Jesus will be found.
If he believes in
Allah, Allah will find.
Vishnu, Vishnu will find.
So there can be no
Archon traps waiting
to force souls to reincarnate.
That is only found because that
is what they expect to see.
Then heaven or hell
is the result of guilt
or what a person firmly
believes he deserves.
And it is the very person
that is generating that.
So everything is due to the
mental control or a perception
that each soul has.
But this is easily
overcome with the knowledge
that you are going wherever
you have to go by right.
It is the idea of
blame of karma,
which is nothing more
than a religious belief
that forces souls to return.
You cannot be separated from
the source because one is
the source, and the
source is everywhere.
In itself, the whole world
outside you is illusory.
Everything is within you.
Everything you want to see,
experience, your reality,
universal laws, scientific laws,
everything is a great illusion.
What you look for, you find.
So fighting for which God
is the true one, fighting
whether or not there is a
God, and how this God is,
what is the most important
particle, the primordial,
is meaningless.
Everything is perception.
So everything is true,
or everything is a lie,
except one thing, who
observes yourself, your soul.
That is the only
unquestionably real thing.
Free your mind, and you will
free yourself from all matrix.
>> You said that after we die,
we are going to the source,
but also that it
is a high astral.
So what is it?
Or is it the same?
Because the astral would
be something like 4D,
but the source is the source.
It transcends
everything, doesn't it?
>> I only use familiar words,
but it's something I have
to clarify.
That place isn't any frequency.
It is everything.
It is all frequencies together
when you access the all,
when you are able to be
everything, being everything,
being aware and conscious
of everything that exists
and what has always existed.
All equally easy
to access, past,
present, and future are mixed,
converged into the same.
That is the original
source, and there you are,
and there you go when you die.
Unlike other people, I have
total memory of that place.
It is everything.
Whatever you want, you are.
Everything you think,
you manifest immediately.
You are everything.
Everything is at
your fingertips.
You are literally
an omnipotent being.
There, you understand
that it was you and only
you who created everything.
And I mean the whole infinite
in creation, infinite in space,
and infinite in time.
Although, you do not or never
wants to get out of there,
that also fulfills itself
because you have never
left there.
You have only chosen to
experience only a small part
at a time, a life,
and incarnation
with an apparent linearity
of animated events in a line.
Because from the source,
everything is at the same time,
without time.
And that without
time being everything
also includes with a linear.
It is a feeling of
love and infinite
and total integration,
which envelops you
like a warm blanket in the
winter, a total realization
that it is you who has
done everything, that you
are integration and love.
No good, no evil,
everything is you.
Only unimportant contrasts,
only valid from points
of view limited to
certain experiences
that you understand from
there and overcome, exceed,
look for more.
You always look for more.
You understand at that moment
that you are everything,
and that it's OK that
you are, by definition,
the creative source,
therefore, indestructible.
We are all literally the source.
We are all the same
person, experiencing
multiple incarnations
simultaneously and outside
of time.
It is oddly linear, as perceived
from within an incarnation.
There is no past.
There is no future.
Everything is or
everything is your ideas.
You incarnate in a dinosaur
or a grey alien of the future,
and you have done
it, and you are,
and you are embodied as such,
and more, infinitely more.
Simultaneously, everything
is a sea of consciousness
that is you.
You want a challenge.
That's why you incarnate.
Being the original source
is the maximum, literally,
and, infinitely, the maximum.
It is the very concept of
God, but you want a challenge,
and you return to
where you wish to be.
You make your plan.
You start to think what it
would be good to experience.
Like programming
a video game, you
make your map of life, your
characters, what will happen,
the outcome, everything.
And from there, you decide
that by frequencies, you
will forget.
From forgetting all,
to just a little,
as the Taygetans who remember
a lot, but also forget.
And you enter your own
game, your incarnation
and live what you have designed.
But only you have done it.
From this point of
view, there is not even
mental control on
the part of Archons,
or reptiles, or space
slugs because it is also
you who has manifested
them, and you are them, too.
So when entering,
each soul knows
what it is doing from
the original source
because it is the
original source.
So it is part of the game.
Humans are literally
manifesting,
reptilians, pleiadians,
devils, fairies.
That is why there are
no victims from above.
But from the point of
view below, there are.
Everything is included.
Everything is real,
and at the same time,
nothing is, only you.
When you die, you will
see what you want to see.
Therefore, there are
ghosts, fleshless
beings, vampiric entities that
stick to your aura, everything.
When someone dies with
a lot of attachment
to the body, more than
normal, as in a violent death,
she does not know
that he has died.
And as from the original source
that is everything manifests,
so a body manifests as
the one he had in life,
called the astral body.
Then she goes through
the streets of the city
where he lived, for
example, and does not
realize that he's dead.
He perceives himself with
clothes, shoes, everything.
And since he has
obsessions, he often
experiences the same
situation over and over again.
That is why dead
people begin to create
alliances and an entire
astral sub-world when
they realize they are dead.
They live and relive the
same traumatic situation
because from that plane,
they all manifested.
The result is a
low astral world,
where the physical world is
copied almost perfectly, only
manifested as with strange
changes or deformations
by the memory of the dead
one who is manifesting them,
like the bathroom
door too small to pass
through when they have to go.
And they continue like
that over and over again.
It is a caricature
world of physical 3D.
But in itself, there
is not even a density
gradient as we have told you.
Everything is the
same, only graduated
by the perception of each
fragment of the original source
or soul.
That's why gradients don't fit
with 3D, 4D, or 5D, with 6D.
There are no gradients.
Everything is a whole.
Everything is the source.
And there are only
points of perception
of each soul consciousness.
How low astral
worlds are generated,
with ghosts hovering around
cemeteries and haunted houses,
depends on each soul.
And happy worlds
are also generated--
heavens, Valhallas, Voltavor.
Whatever they call
it, it is generated.
>> But it is still valid
that to access there,
it is necessary to have
the high frequency?
Or just by being there already,
you have the high frequency?
>> It's part of what helps you
focus on something you want,
leaving behind what
you don't want.
But it is your intention
that matters, your focus.
Don't just think
about which frequency
is higher than the other.
>> You said that frequency is
the result of where attention
was directed.
But where your attention
is, is not also dictated
by your frequency?
It's a bit like what came
first, chicken or egg?
>> You are everything, frequency
and the point of attention,
what is observed
and who observes.
You are the chicken and
the egg, simultaneously.
There is nothing but you.
There is no separation.
It's only you.
You cannot harm anyone
without harming yourself.
Even so, you have
to defend yourself
as part of the game or
point of attention below.
>> So it's not that something
dictates something else
because this has been
said at the beginning.
Your perception is
a result of that
and, later, that dictates
the following, et cetera.
Everything simply is
at the same time, no?
>> That's right.
Therefore, from above, from
the point of integration,
there is no mind control.
It is only part
of the experience.
>> OK, thank you.
You said that when someone
believes in something,
they will see it when they die.
For how long will that be seen?
At some point in the past,
you said that when we die,
we manifest our beliefs, but
then they will fade away.
>> It is not a matter of
time, since it is irrelevant.
The perception of
animation of linear events
that you call time is
different in the astral.
It depends on the attachments
of each fragment of yourself
that you call soul.
Sometimes, it would take Earth
time several incarnations,
where you enter a life
believing in Jesus
and die seeing Jesus, who
tells you that you must go down
to pay karma.
And you re-enter hundreds
of times, thousands,
maybe, until on your
own you, that soul;
that fragment understands
that it is only he
who is generating everything.
>> But is there something that
releases the soul from seeing
Jesus at the end?
Or will the soul be with
Jesus forever, so to speak?
And what factor would contribute
to the soul finally leaving
the attachment to that concept?
Does it do it on its own?
There in the afterlife,
he also continues
to expand spiritually in
contemplating the existence?
Can the soul reach this
conclusion from there
without incarnating?
Or do you have to enter
the incarnation again?
>> From the most
expanded point of view,
from the moment you hold the
concept that there is a soul
that is still trapped in the
religious belief of any kind,
it becomes an eternal concept.
From that more
expanded point of view,
that soul will be trapped in
it for an eternity, forever.
>> This leads me to
another question.
Here, the Catholic people
pray for souls of the dead.
Does this work in any way
to help free these souls?
Do our intentions get there?
>> The dead ones are there.
It is true what they say.
They go to their own funeral.
It is because it is the
point of greatest attention
for that consciousness
that has disembodied.
So yes, they hear the prayers
and the cries of the family.
But from the point
of view of perception
of the newly
disembodied or dead,
those prayers only serve
to further strengthen
their perception when they die,
convincing them to see or look
for Jesus, for example.
So if the dead man was
doubtful, with the prayers,
they are showing him
the way, so to speak.
But it is the way that
suits the churches, those
who wish to control souls.
But if a person
is very spiritual
and knows what he is and
has firm control over what
he believes, and that
is in being free,
he will listen to the prayers
and will be with the family.
But he will go where
he should go freely.
He will see what he wants,
ignoring the prayers.
That is why the
prayers in the funerals
are so repetitive as
mantras because that
is what they are, to put
ideas into the dead man's head
because he no longer has one.
They are mantras.
But I insist, that a
person free consciousness
is immune to this, if he's
believing relatives pray.
If the dead person is
confused, as he usually is,
praying will help him find his
way, yes, because he listens.
But it is up to the
living to help him
where they want the
dead to go or see.
That is why it is dangerous.
Those who were
not guided will be
trapped in their
same infinite loops,
where they will
not know what to do
and will remain obsessed with
whatever has their attention.
>> And what would family members
have to do, instead of praying,
if they can do something?
>> Talk to the dead.
There, he is free and
forgiving for whatever he has
done, for his failures in life.
This is freeing karma.
>> You can pray, not
religiously, but spiritually,
leading them to follow
where they want to go,
beyond light source, whatever,
no religious characters, right?
>> Sure.
That's a good idea.
Therefore, talk to the
dead because they listen.
In fact, you are there
surrounded by disembodied ones
all the time.
They walk the same streets.
Some know they are dead.
Others do not.
>> I imagine it works
the same with animals.
>> Animals or not, it is
the same being a dog, cat,
or a flea.
It is part of the experience,
like being a man or a woman.
It is all at once.
>> And should we go to the
cemetery to speak to them out
loud, is it necessary?
>> Yes because all those
souls listen from wherever.
There are more of them
there in the cemeteries
for their own reasons.
They manifest themselves there.
But a very close
person will closely
follow their loved ones.
So speaking to
them from anywhere
is enough, especially with
their recently deceased.
>> How do you know if they
are here still or not?
And if you need to talk to them?
>> You feel it, the need.
But it is something that is
also done for oneself, not only
for the dead.
You connect with yourself and
it reaches your deceased person.
>> Do the dead have telepathy
with the incarnated ones?
>> Some, yes, and some, no.
That is the problem.
It is not that
they do not have it
because we all have telepathy.
But because of
their own beliefs,
they just don't have it.
That is why it is necessary
to speak to them aloud.
>> And if they aren't there, any
way, they won't listen, right?
If I die, I don't want to
waste my time in my grave
or listening to people.
>> That's right.
But as there is no time, a
portion or an echo of you
will remain in 3D because
everything that has always been
will be from the point of view
of the ether of the source.
But you will no longer have
that point of attention.
All that exists is our echo.
>> Fascinating.
And I have this
question, Swaruu.
In the end, how are these
souls liberated, the ones
who do not know they are dead?
They do not incarnate, right?
They stay there?
>> They also evolve with
or without physical body.
And, at the same time,
they stay there, yes.
All is: nothing ceases to be.
Nothing is destroyed.
Nothing is created.
Everything is already.
It's just what you want to
see and in what sequence.
There is evolution
everywhere, as long
as you perceive and
control with your intention
to have an experience of
progressive linear events,
which we call time.
In the case of the ghost that
every night again and again
passes, dragging its chains
through the same hallway
of an old abandoned house,
so it will continue forever.
Even so, from his point
of view, something
should change and not
present the same obsession.
Every evolution
confirms the concept
that something is and progresses
towards something else, bigger,
expanded, or
whatever, generally,
by the accumulation of
knowledge and awareness.
That is why it is linked
to a temporal progression.
But this time is
only from the point
of view of the person
or soul in question.
>> And where the dead are,
they don't have this concept
and this experience?
They do not evolve?
They lack this concept?
Why can't they free
themselves from there?
>> They are wherever they
think of manifesting,
whatever they want
to themselves.
From the most expanded point of
view, many souls are trapped.
From the concept of
souls themselves,
they only experience their
own evolution or progression.
Then, from that point of
view, nobody gets lost,
and nobody gets trapped.
>> OK.
Could you go to the cemetery
and talk to the dead in group,
to free them at last?
>> Oh, yes.
But remember that
being dead doesn't mean
they will be receptive to you.
It's the same as
saying I go downtown
to the central
square of the city
to stand on a box
with a megaphone
and talk to those who
pass there to freedom.
They are as closed as
the living because they
are people, the same ones, too.
>> But the dead are
happy in that astral?
Do they get used to being there?
>> Yes, some live there.
They are.
They choose to be there.
Others are immensely unhappy.
They form clans, groups,
alliances, families
as with the living.
Yes, you could make a
YouTube channel for the dead.
It doesn't matter, seriously.
It will reach more dead
ones than if you just
stand on the box with a
megaphone in the square.
>> So, somehow, they are
aware that they already live
a parallel reality?
>> There is an infinite
amount of parallel realities,
but let's say that one is the
most strongly linked to what is
perceived as the material
or real 3D world.
>> The dead see each other?
Eat?
Can they touch themselves?
>> Yes.
As stated above, they
form alliances, and clans,
and everything.
But as with everything,
they can only
see what is within their
frequency perception range.
>> Do they eat?
>> In their
perception, some yes.
Others, no.
>> Can they be extracted?
Do they talk with ETs?
>> There, they manifest
everything they can think
of, everything.
>> Have you extracted some?
>> Not that I know of.
>> I do not want to go
there, to this world.
>> Then you won't go.
What's the problem?
Knowing this frees you
because you already
know what not to do.
>> And if you don't believe
in reincarnation, but heaven,
you never reincarnate?
>> Heaven you will
find to suit you.
But yes, you will reincarnate
because from the heaven,
by definition, it also
opens up more possibilities
for the awareness.
It is part of the collective
manifestation of Catholicism.
They must go their own
way, and you, yours.
>> Yes.
And, at least, it's
important for the people
to know that they are the
ones with the creative power.
I think this is the most
important message here.
You believe what you believe.
But, at least, you know
that you are creating it
and that you choose your
path, even after death.
Maybe, soon, I will
go to the cemetery.
I really want to.
I will talk to the dead
>> OK.
But when you leave,
order them not
to follow you
because they do that,
and no children to the cemetery.
Their aura is not
yet well-developed.
They are very jealous and
resentful of the children
because their vitality
charge is full.
And that may influence
their entire life.
[MUSIC PLAYING]